== Angular.js Appointments test task

This is a simple appointments management system. It should have a web interface for customers and ability to integrate it through the REST JSON API with the 3rd party applications.
Here is a short list of specs we would like to be implemented. Everything what isn’t outlined here to you. Feel free to add anything necessary by your opinion.
* As a user I can register in the system
* As a user I can see a list of my upcoming and past appointments.
* As a user I can create new appointment and with as many reminders as I need
* As a user in the web interface I can see a list of submitted appointments through the API and confirm or cancel them.

Key specs for objects
* Appointment has several statuses:
..* active
..* canceled
* Let’s assume that appointment has a one hour length and can’t be overlapped by another one.
* Reminder has status(reminded or not), time to raise remind before appointment.
* Please add any other restrictions you think are fitable to system objects.

### API
* As a guest, if I know user api key, I can post request to create appointment on a specific date with defined reminder.
* As a quest, if I know user API key, I can receive the list of user appointments and filter it by date(let’s keep it simple, can specify only one day in params and receive appointments exactly during this day)
* As a system I should be able to send reminders for active appointments in the specified time by email.

### Technical notes
Used following technologies:
* Ruby on Rails
* Angular.js
* PostgreSQL
* Sidekiq
* Rspec
* Twitter Bootstrap
* State Machine
